hey guys this is Sam and today we're
going to be talking about the changes
found in iOS 8.3 beta for lately it
seems like there's been a ton of stuff
related to iOS 8.3 happening and the
same is true for today's release of iOS
8.3 bed at four or iOS 8.3 public beta 2
there's really only two very small
changes in iOS 8.3 beta 4 and of course
I'm going to be going over them with you
guys very quickly of course if you want
to see more betas and update similar to
this make sure you hit that subscribe
button down below so you don't miss out
on any of my future uploads but the
first change I do want to show you guys
is actually kind of changing something
that was introduced last beta I showed
you guys that there was a brand new
option in the settings app under the
messages section there was a brand new
option for conversation list filtering
and when you turn that on it basically
broke up the messages app into two
different sections the first section on
the left was labeled contacts and SMS
and back in beta 3 the section on the
ride was named filtered but for a lot of
people including myself filter was just
kind of confusing because I didn't
exactly know what that men so very
luckily app will acknowledge this and
fix it in beta 4 so now the left still
says contacts and SMS but on the right
the right tab is labeled unknown senders
so now you know exactly what's on the
right people who don't know we're on the
right and people who are ready in your
contacts will we place under the glove
tab where it says contacts and SMS and
the second very small change that I want
to show you guys in iOS 8.3 beta 4 has
to do with the iCloud photo library if I
go ahead and open up the Photos app you
can see that the little label next to
iCloud photo library that prompts you to
enable that as soon as you open the
photos app for the very first time after
installing iOS 8.3 the little beta label
next to that is actually gone so based
on what we're seeing right now it looks
like iCloud photo library should be
launching with the release of iOS 8.3 at
some point in the near future once again
at this point we still don't have a
definite release date for iOS 8.3
nonetheless guys those are all the
changes I have to show you right now if
you enjoyed watching this video feel
free to hit
like button down below and if we're
subscribe for more iOS updates similar
to this this has been Sam with I update
OS and I will talk to you guys in the
next one